all: add signout redirect url (#1324)
pomerium/pomerium: docs/reference/readme.md

Authenticate Service URL is the externally accessible URL for the authenticate service.

> ### Signout Redirect URL

Reviewer: Can you put in alphabetic order?

Author: Fixed.

- Environmental Variable: `SIGNOUT_REDIRECT_URL`
- Config File Key: `signout_redirect_url`
- Type: `URL`
- Required
- Example: `https://signout-redirect-url.corp.example.com`

> Signout redirect url is the url user will be redirected to after signing out.

Reviewer: Can we also add a note here saying it is also possible set a redirect url by passing in a custom queryparam / post value when hitting the `./pomerium/signout` endpoint?

Author: ok

Pomerium will [impersonate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#user-impersonation) the Pomerium user's identity, and Kubernetes RBAC can be applied to IdP user and groups.

### Signout Redirect URL

- Environmental Variable: `SIGNOUT_REDIRECT_URL`
- Config File Key: `signout_redirect_url`
- Type: `URL`
- Required
- Example: `https://signout-redirect-url.corp.example.com`

Signout redirect url is the url user will be redirected to after signing out.

> You can overwrite this value by passing url query param `pomerium_redirect_uri` or post value `pomerium_redirect_uri`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can overwrite this behavior by passing the query param `pomerium_redirect_uri` or post value `pomerium_redirect_uri` to the `/.pomerium/signout/` endpoint. 
```

Author: Fixed
